[Music]
hello all this mediation is here to help
facilitate your divorce you will all be
civilized and you will please address
all speech to me to you so even if we
want to talk to one another we can I
mean if I wanted to say Dina I am going
to have a beautiful life with your
husband Dean I can't believe you brought
her Christine I can't believe you
shacked up with a I just was say
for the record I just needed an upgrade
in my life Deanna son of me please I'm
sorry you son of a you're the son
of a you're a son of a yes
23 years of marriage just down the zoo's
40-something pure woman that doesn't
even have her to create it hmm I know
what I'm gonna do let me see you regret
staying at home and being your mom but I
regret not getting my degree
that's why somebody's mom just enrolled
in college
Hey beep beat it's me I experienced oh
hell no I don't know what battered the
mom term or the mom's boobs these
allowed this one to suckle at these
teeth for 28 months i lured them around
my way about this probably isn't the
time get ready for the world
Oh unbelievable chocolate it is we've
barks Oh maybe I would probably hold off
from having any more just cuz I what is
it for 20 years I worried about what I
wasn't doing right what I could have
been doing better do you have a moment
here if you taste it mom don't jump to
conclusions you don't know what's
happening here
looks like my mother is doing the walk
of shame out of a frat house look it's
technically that's what's happened what
stuff you know what I'm older I'm wiser
this essentially a Google ask me
anything
turn off your google it can't be turnip
cake I don't like this I did not know
they were gonna be here what is on your
low Dan it's an earring what works for
Harrison Ford
Harrison Ford blew up the Death Star and
free to galaxies what have you done damn
[Music]